#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass simplecv
\begin_preamble
%% You can modify the fonts used in the document be using the
%% following macros. They take one parameter which is the font
%% changing command.
%% \headerfont: the font used in both headers.
%%              Defaults to sans serif.
%% \titlefont:  the font used for the title.
%%              Defaults to \LARGE sans-serif semi bold condensed.
%% \sectionfont: the font used by \section when beginning a new topic.
%%              Defaults to sans-serif semi bold condensed.
%% \itemfont:   the font used in descriptions of items.
%%              Defaults to sans-serif slanted.
% to make your name even bigger, uncomment the following line:
% \titlefont{\Huge}
%%
%% You can modify the following parameters using \renewcommand:
%% \topicmargin: the left margin inside topics.
%%               Defaults to 20% of the column width (0.20\columnwidth).
% To get more room for left column of Topic layouts, uncomment following line:
% \renewcommand{\topicmargin}{0.3\columnwidth}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding default
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 0.5in
\topmargin 0.5in
\rightmargin 0.5in
\bottommargin 0.5in
\secnumdepth 0
\tocdepth 0
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Statement Of Purpose - Ethan Knox
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As with all true origin stories, mine begins with my mother.
 She raised me on her own while also running a successful business - needless
 to say, I spent a lot of time on my own or taking care of my sister.
 Unfortunately, only two months after I turned 18, my mother took her own
 life, and I have been entirely on my own ever since.
 Despite this difficult background, one thing has always kept me going and
 helped me connect to others: learning.
 In fact, my mother used to brag that when I was in second grade, I acquired
 the nickname "Dr.
 Knox" from my teachers, in reference to my tendency to ask complicated
 questions and dissect their explanations.
 Ever since then, I have vowed to make that nickname a reality.
 For me, graduate school is the next step in fulfilling my lifelong love
 of learning and understanding more about the world around us.
 In a way, my undergraduate studies have made me even more determined to
 take this step, now that I have seen just how much I do not know.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Throughout my time here at Purdue, I have grown fond of the many added developme
nts and projects here on campus.
 There are always new and exciting things happening in the coming few years,
 and I would love to be able to experience them firsthand.
 I honestly feel as though I have a vested interest in the community here,
 and I would love to continue my academic studies in the place I have come
 to adore so much.
 Academically, I enjoy analyzing complex/real-world systems with mathematical
 physics models, and the computational modelling, simulation, experimentation,
 and visualization of these systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After graduate school, I want to pursue computational physics, likely in
 the private sector.
 I love taking immensely complex problems, describing them symbolically
 and/or programmatically, and utilizing computational/numerical methods
 to solve them to arbitrary precision.
 I also do just enjoy the cool simulations and software, but the former
 sounds better on paper.
 Should the private sector not work out, I would definitely consider a governmen
tal or public job with the same duties, provided that there is at least
 a little variety in the types of work I would receive.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While there are many exceptional physics graduate programs around the country,
 I believe that given my connection to the Purdue community and existing
 history of studies here, there is no other place I would rather pursue
 my doctorate than Purdue University.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
